# tachyon-garden
### Tachyons framework re-implemented in Garden CSS
** Tachyon Garden** is a CSS framework, heavily based on [Tachyons](https://tachyons.io)

## Rationale:
Tachyons is a great way to quickly prototype and get decent looking MVP running. 
However, the resulting component's code become coupled with the framework's class semantic, and it often leads to the situation where you have to wrestle against the framework when it comes to implementing customized styles ontop of it. So adopting any existing CSS framework at early stages of the project creates a substantial technical debt.

What this library is trying to achieve is to keep styles manageble on further customization, and make your code framework-independent while making use on it's benefits.
It follows these 3 principles to make it possible:
 1. Using semantic, domain-specific HTML (and semantic classes) instead of framework's shortcuts
 2. Maintaining Code/Style separation. Keeping styles in a separate layer, so they don't clog code readability.
 3. Styles are data too. Being able to use handle styles with full power of Clojure let you do it your way. There is just no need in additional CSS preprocessors and their syntaxes, unnecessary multiplying entites.

## Examples:
Instead of defining your styles directly in the code layer, like
```clj
[:a.f6.link.dim.ph3.pv2.mb2.dib.white.bg-dark-pink "Save"]
```
with the library, you could define metaclass
```clj
(defstyles forms
  [:.save-button 
    (f6) (link) (dim) (ph3) (pv2) (mb2) (dib) (white) (bg-dark-pink)]
  [:.cancel-button 
    (f6) (link) (dim) (ph3) (pv2) (mb2) (dib) (white) (bg-dark-gray)])
```

Alternatively, you can use following macro to save a few parentheses

```clj
(g/stl :w-100 :sans-serif)
```

and then use it in your HTML
```clj
[:.save-button "Save"]
```


Invoke a library API function from the command-line:

    $ clojure -X tachyon-garden.tachyon-garden/foo :a 1 :b '"two"'
    {:a 1, :b "two"} "Hello, World!"

Run the project's tests (they'll fail until you edit them):

    $ clojure -T:build test

Run the project's CI pipeline and build a JAR (this will fail until you edit the tests to pass):

    $ clojure -T:build ci

This will produce an updated `pom.xml` file with synchronized dependencies inside the `META-INF`
directory inside `target/classes` and the JAR in `target`. You can update the version (and SCM tag)
information in generated `pom.xml` by updating `build.clj`.

Install it locally (requires the `ci` task be run first):

    $ clojure -T:build install

Deploy it to Clojars -- needs `CLOJARS_USERNAME` and `CLOJARS_PASSWORD` environment
variables (requires the `ci` task be run first):

    $ clojure -T:build deploy

Your library will be deployed to net.clojars.tachyon-garden/tachyon-garden on clojars.org by default.

## License

Copyright © 2022 Wambat

_EPLv1.0 is just the default for projects generated by `clj-new`: you are not_
_required to open source this project, nor are you required to use EPLv1.0!_
_Feel free to remove or change the `LICENSE` file and remove or update this_
_section of the `README.md` file!_

Distributed under the Eclipse Public License version 1.0.
